This directory includes all the scripts for obtaining the results. The chronological order for running the scripts are:
- 'sentiment_engineering'/'main_influencerdata' - this script runs pre-processing steps, processes the text, and obtains the sentiments using the various sentiment libraries for processed and non-processed texts. The step for obtaining sentiments using the 'FeatureEngineering' module can be done using multiprocessing or normally. It is recommended to not run Flair, BERT and Roberta using multiprocess, and to run the sentiment analysis libraries one by one by selecting(uncommenting) libraries in the 'get_sentiments_and_emotions' function of 'FeatureEngineering' module. Change the names of the saving files accordingly.
- 'main_sentiment_weighting_wobots' - This read the sentiment files, calculates influencer score and the sentiment scores for different libraries. It further stores the weighted sentiment scores for different frequencies. Make sure to set the weight_measure= 'user_weighted' for all sentiment score types and change the directory for storing accordingly.
- 'manual_output'/'manual_output_priceonly' - This trains the models using different learning rates. Make sure to set the epochs = 100 and implement Early Stopping in the 'train_regression' function of the 'TrainNNModel' class in the 'NN_Training' module.
- 'selected_lr_tuning'/'selected_lr_tuning_priceonly' runs the same models using selected (best performing) LR values from the previous script output. This output has to be made manually and stored. Set the epoch = 500 and do not run Early Stopping in the 'train_regression' function of the 'TrainNNModel' class in the 'NN_Training' module.